Deprecate Azure Event Hubs PubSub component (#1716)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-azure-eventhubs.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Azure Events Hub (deprecated)"

Reviewer: Suggestion to remove the "s". "Azure Events Hub" => "Azure Event Hub"

Author: Absolutely, I just appended "deprecated" to the misspelled name here.

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Azure Event Hubs (deprecated)"
```

> linkTitle: "Azure Events Hub (deprecated)"

Reviewer: Event Hubs

> linkTitle: "Azure Events Hub (deprecated)"

Author: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Azure Event Hubs (deprecated)"
```

description: "Detailed documentation on the Azure Event Hubs pubsub component (deprecated)"
aliases:
  - "/operations/components/setup-pubsub/supported-pubsub/setup-azure-eventhubs/"
---

{{% alert title="Deprecated" color="warning" %}}

> The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and has been removed from starting with release 1.4.

Reviewer: "The Azure Event Hub pubsub component is deprecated and will no longer be available starting with release 1.4"

Author: ```suggestion
The Azure Event Hub pubsub component is deprecated and will no longer be available starting with release 1.4.
```

> The Azure Event Hub pubsub component is deprecated and will no longer be available starting with release 1.4.

Author: ```suggestion
The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and will no longer be available starting with release 1.4.
```

> The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and will no longer be available starting with release 1.4.

Author: ```suggestion
The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and will be removed in release 1.6. Please use the [Azure Event Hubs bindings]({{< ref "supported-bindings/eventhubs.md" >}}) instead.
```

> The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and will be removed in release 1.6. Please use the [Azure Event Hubs bindings]({{< ref "supported-bindings/eventhubs.md" >}}) instead.

Author: ```suggestion
The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component is deprecated and will be removed in release 1.6. Please use the [Azure Event Hubs bindings]({{< ref "eventhubs.md" >}}) instead.
```
